[Music]
seven exercises to transform your whole
body in four weeks do you want to get in
shape and tone your muscles in a month
here's the only set of exercises you
need you don't have to spend money on a
gym or equipment all you need is
willpower and ten minutes a day also we
have an incredibly effective four week
plan for your workout it worked for us
it might work wonders for you to check
it out and follow all of the
instructions carefully
number one plank plank is a static
exercise where the rule is to hold your
body correctly keep your back and leg
straight without sagging or arching for
a start let's hold the plank for 15
seconds at least if you hold the plank
correctly the exercise will work your
abs back buttocks legs and arms ready to
give it a try hold the plank for 15
seconds 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
15 well done by the way
planking also improves posture and
general muscle tone number 2 push-ups
the initial position is a plank with
straight arms from there lower yourself
as far as you can make sure your back
pelvis and legs form a straight line
slowly return to the initial position
let's do 5 push-ups for a start just to
give it a shot
[Music]
1 2 3 4 and the last one 5 was it easy
for you if so you can do more push-ups
effect the chest arms and abdominal
muscles number 3 die and buttock workout
first stand on all fours
stretch your left leg and right arm in a
straight line
slowly bend them and touch your right
elbow to your left knee straighten up
again then you should change the arm and
leg now stretch your right leg and left
arm in a straight line cut your left
elbow to your right knee straighten up
again well done this exercise is good
for your torso and hip muscles it also
strengthens most of the back muscles the
buttocks and the waist number four
squats
[Music]
place your feet shoulder-width apart
standing on your whole foot sit down on
an imaginary chair with your knees and
feet on the same line keep your back
straight keep your balance by raising
your arms in front of you rise back up
as slowly as you can squat strengthen
muscles of the buttocks thighs and
ankles let's repeat it five times for a
start one two don't forget to keep your
back straight three four and five great
number five exercise for perfect abs
this exercise strengthens the core
muscles and burns fat due to dynamics
line your back with your arms stretched
above your head and your knees bent
slowly raise your upper body with your
arms straight and touch your toes return
to the initial position do you want to
try it out together okay let's do it
five times one
to do it very slowly three four and five
well done
only two exercises are left number six
abs and buttocks this exercise
strengthens the muscles of your waist
abs and buttocks let's see how to do it
prop yourself on your hands and feet to
feel tension in your back raise one leg
as high as you can lower your upper body
without lifting the second heel off the
floor you're doing great one more time
prop yourself on your hands and feet
again raise one leg lower your upper
body without lifting the second heel
awesome let's move to the last exercise
number seven waist
lie face down on the floor with your
arms bent at the elbow and place beneath
your head lift your upper body as far as
you can stay in this position for a
second slowly return to the initial
position let's repeat it five times to
tone and strengthen your spinal muscles
one lift your upper body as far as you
can hold for a second
relax to do the same thing three
remember you should do the exercise very
slowly for five
[Music]
well done now here's a full four week
workout plan for you follow it regularly
and your body will transform completely
in a month week one do the following
sets for six days plank
two minutes rest for ten seconds
push-ups one-minute rest for ten seconds
sighs and buttocks one minute rest for
ten seconds
squats one minute rest for ten seconds
abs one minute rest for 10 seconds abs
and buttocks one minute rest for 10
seconds waist two minutes rest for 10
seconds
[Music]
week two
plank three minutes breasts for 15
seconds push-ups three minutes rest for
15 seconds
size and buttocks three minutes rest for
15 seconds squats three minutes rest for
15 seconds abs three minutes rest for 15
seconds abs and buttocks three minutes
rest for 15 seconds waist three minutes
rest for 15 seconds for the third week
repeat the week one plan and for the
fourth week repeat the plan of week two
don't forget to share your results and
updates in the comments hit the like
button below the video and click
Subscribe to help us make more useful
videos for you